Update channels.txt (#16)
entur/officeplanner: channels.txt

/*

>  Example content for this file is bellow this comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Example content for this file is below this comment. Remove the comment section before use.
```

>  For Entur this file is located in another Repo https://github.com/entur/slack-at-office

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For Entur, this file is maintained in a separate repository: https://github.com/entur/slack-at-office
```
